[Music]
we are gathered here today to join B and
Thomas in holy matrimony you're taking
this so well he's a good man you hated
this guy we've grown very close
welcoming a new parent not that close a
father father father no you're not my
father
sorry are you the author it's really the
rabbit story I just wrote it down look
dad it's Peter Rabbit oh I hate that I'm
the face of this he's naughty what I
knew Peter that depends who's asking
Peter told you he has it in for me he
was talking to all of us I'm talking to
you Peter
specifically stay out of trouble if
that's who they think I am maybe I'd be
better off without them
[Music]
oh come on
what are you looking at goody-goody you
gonna turn me I know pretty good II
apparently I'm a baddie batter is your
name Peter Rabbit
yeah I was best friends with your dad my
name is Barnabas you're a fierce bad
rabbit just like where are the rabbits
back in their burrows snug as a bug in a
rug
spread out
[Music]
join them bullet I'm speeding up a
little I'm speeding up quite a bit and
that's why adults shouldn't do kid stuff
[Music]